Oisin Doherty
oisind
#1269085

Individual Status Report – Week 5

“As such, my goals for the following week or two involve preliminary setup of a Node.js server, currently we’re looking at Node.js as the most promising option. The initial implementation should be straightforward, but the integration of the individual components is going to require me to figure out and explain how to connect and transfer data between the different applications and the server. If I can get this set up earlier rather than later, it makes it a lot easier to test that our architecture flow is viable.”

Over the course of the last week, we’ve been looking over our fork of the Tellina repository to see if we can get our own copy of the website and neural network set up. Looking through the code for the website, I found out that it relies on the web framework Django. Up until now, we had considered using Node.js as our primary means of establishing a client-server relationship between the main server and client applications, but it looks like we can save some time and effort by utilizing the existing Django framework. Over the weekend, I took some time to learn more about Django and I should now be able to get our fork of the website working. Consequentially, we now must figure out how to get our trained model to export something to a format readable by a SQL database. While it’s frustrating to have the work I’ve put into learning the Node.js framework ultimately not contribute to our final project, reducing the number of dependencies for the project should ultimately make it better. The next major milestone we have is Project 5: Build and Test, which is going to require us to work quickly in setting up this new framework to work with our existing workflow. I’ve thought of some interesting ways we can ‘abuse’ filesystems rather than having each individual component in our setup communicate with one server that coordinates everything. I didn’t touch the web scraper this week, as it was not a priority; the Tellina repository still has a lot of data that we can train on to at least match the functionality of the current build.

Because our next major milestone is Project 5: Build and Test, our priority is getting a rough prototype that integrates everything we’ve built so far and configuring it so that other developers can build their own versions of it. I need to double check that my web scraper outputs the correct format so that we can test on new inputs, but it’s not a necessity for Project 5. As long as we get our system working for Thursday, then I will have considered this week a success.
