Oisin Doherty
oisind
#1269085

Individual Status Report – Week 6

“Because our next major milestone is Project 5: Build and Test, our priority is getting a rough prototype that integrates everything we’ve built so far and configuring it so that other developers can build their own versions of it. I need to double check that my web scraper outputs the correct format so that we can test on new inputs, but it’s not a necessity for Project 5. As long as we get our system working for Thursday, then I will have considered this week a success.”

As it turns out, I was looking at a Tellina branch that was originally linked to in the paper while the rest of the team was using the master branch. Despite this hiccup, it turns out that it was trivial to change the way I formatted my output data to accommodate for my mistake. The real work done this week was getting Travis CI and Gradle set up for our project. Many parts of our project are linked as submodules on GitHub, and the ones which contain our implementations are automatically built and tested by Tavis. In order to get these features working with our scraper, I had to migrate over to Gradle. The choice was arbitrary, but I’ve had cursory experience working with it before. Getting it set up on both my Windows and Unix systems turned out to be a lot of effort, but the initial time investment of getting it set up should pay dividends for any troubles with dependencies and building that we ultimately would have run into later. One of the hardest parts was getting Gradle to download a dependency I linked to, and getting my IDEs to recognize it as a reference; but it works now! I do however need to add more unit tests and make sure that Travis correctly handles file I/O.

While we haven’t gotten a fully working implementation where all our individual pieces can communicate yet, I’ll try to push harder to get this done by the end of the week, considering we don’t really have anything novel “due” for this next project. The sooner we get a build ready that we can actually test on and have people interact with, the sooner we get data that we can use to show the efficacy of our tools. I’m more than happy to take up some more responsibility on the project to make sure that we get this done by next Monday if it means that we can get closer to ending our rapid prototyping phase and move to incorporating feedback on a more polished system.
