Oisin Doherty
oisind
#1269085

Individual Status Report – Week 3

	Seeing as this was the first week we’ve had to do individual status reports, there’s no goals from the previous week to reflect on. Regarding my progress this week, we settled on what specific processes within our project each person is responsible for. I chose to work primarily on the data collection aspect of our project. A lot of my time last week was taken up working on other assignments for this class, so I didn’t ultimately end up with a lot of time to work on this project. Most of the work I’ve done for my assigned task has been in planning out overall structure and implementations for my web scraper. Although I’m most comfortable in C# and have had experience with web scraping with it, I know that UW puts a large emphasis on Java. Fundamentally language choice doesn’t matter as much as the learning curve associated with learning new frameworks to navigate to webpages and parse the HTML. Tentatively, the JSoup library seems to be a good starting point for this project. I believe that I could have a prototype set up by the end of either this week or next week, which would be instrumental in being able to prove that our project works on a smaller scale. Planning and implementing the project shouldn’t be too hard, but I find that the specifications and exercises presented in this class take a lot of time away from actually working on the project. While I understand that some of it is necessary, it seems like a lot of work, especially for a three member team. Hopefully I’ll find some time to continue development on this project in the coming weeks.
  
	My plan for the following week is to work on the architecture and implementation report, hopefully providing more structure for when I actually begin programming my portion of the project. Personally, I find that it’s a lot easier to reflect and plan ahead on a project when I start actually programming, or when I have a functioning prototype. Depending on how much time the assignments end up taking, I would hope to have a functioning prototype that can parse questions from StackOverflow that have relelvant bash commands within them, and can deliver that data to my teammates in the form of {question, command, keywords}. Getting a working implementation is the hardest aspect of my project, so I would like to get it done earlier so I can focus on improving and integrating my system into our project--although this is a longer term goal.
