Abhinav Gottumukkala (anak4569)
Lauren Martini (lmartini)
Oisin Doherty (oisind)
Ryan Bruntz (rmbruntz)

Team Status Report - Week 2

	Seeing as groups were formed on April 2nd, we’ve only had two days to start discussing our ideas about this project and how we want to proceed with it. This week we focused on setting up infrastructure to facilitate our development of nl2bash—mainly in finding our primary methods of communication for the project and setting up our GitHub repository. We ultimately settled on Discord as our communication platform of choice due to our previous familiarity with the software. There are some features offered by other messaging apps like Slack and Messenger that we may consider switching to as our needs change through the development cycle, but at the moment, Discord seems to offer the functionality that we need. Oisin set up the GitHub repository at https://github.com/oisindoherty/nl2bash, adding all group members and course staff as collaborators. Although we’ve had previous experience with GitHub in other classes, we assume that we’re going to run into issues with GitHub considering that none of us have experience with version control in a larger development group. One issue that we’re currently dealing with is finding a time to meet as a whole group to talk about the project, as we all seem to have disjoint schedules. The fact that we meet with advisors on Thursdays should help relieve this issue, although we need to settle on more times that allow us to collaborate as a group. Overall, our first week was successful in setting up infrastructure and identifying some issues that need to be addressed before we begin serious development on the project.

	The next major deadline that we’re facing is the Project Proposal due on April 5th. Considering this, our goal for the coming week is to decide on which direction we want to take our project. Michael sent us an email detailing two such ways: either improving the quality of the dataset or automating the collection of data for tools such as Tellina. Although both directions are very interesting, they are two entirely separate projects. The worst thing we could do was to start deciding on languages and implementations before we even know what our project is. Another goal for the coming week is for each of us to choose a different area of focus for the project (front-end, back-end, testing, etc.). As we get more experience working together, we should be able to identify what our strengths are and how we can most effectively use them to develop nl2bash. As of now, we haven’t assigned individual tasks or responsibilities, although we are sure to do so in the future.
